Update search-create-service-portal.md (#124046)
Azure/azure-content: articles/search/search-create-service-portal.md

Azure AI Search restricts the [number of search services](search-limits-quotas-capacity.md#subscription-limits) you can initially create in a subscription. If you exhaust your maximum limit, you can request more quota.

You must have Owner or Contributor permissions on the subscription to request quota.

> Depending on region and data center capacity, you can auto-request more quota to add more services to your subscription.  If the request fails, you should either lower the number or file a support ticket. For an extra large increase in quota, such as over 30 extra services, you should expect a one month turnaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on region and datacenter capacity, you can automatically request more quota to add services to your subscription. If the request fails, you should either decrease the number or file a support ticket. For an large increase in quota, such as more than 30 extra services, you should expect a one-month turnaround.
```
Minor edits for Microsoft style
